<ui:composition template="snippets/template.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">

<ui:define name="content">

<div class="container mt-4">


<div class="row">
<div class="col-4">
	<h:graphicImage class="img-fluid rounded float-start" url="./assets/static/images/ghostnet-01-03.webp"/> 
	<p><small class="text-muted">A fishing trawler casts its net into the open sea, unaware of the potential dangers lurking beneath the waves.</small></p>
</div>

<div class="col-4">
	<h:graphicImage class="img-fluid rounded float-start" url="./assets/static/images/ghostnet-02-03.webp"/> 
	<p><small class="text-muted">Lost and abandoned, the ghost net drifts aimlessly through the ocean, a silent threat to marine life.</small></p>
</div>

<div class="col-4">
	<h:graphicImage class="img-fluid rounded float-start" url="./assets/static/images/ghostnet-03-03.webp"/> 
	<p><small class="text-muted">Caught and struggling, a sea turtle fights for its life, ensnared by the deadly grip of a ghost net.</small></p>
</div>
</div>

<div class="row">
<div class="col-12">
<h1>What is a ghost net?</h1>
</div>
</div>

<div class="row">
<div class="col-12">
<p>Ghost nets are fishing nets that have been abandoned, lost, or otherwise discarded in the ocean, lakes, and rivers. These nets, often nearly invisible in the dim light, can be left tangled on a rocky reef or drifting in the open sea. They can entangle fish, dolphins, sea turtles, sharks, dugongs, crocodiles, seabirds, crabs, and other creatures, including the occasional human diver. Acting as designed, the nets restrict movement, causing starvation, laceration and infection, and suffocation in those that need to return to the surface to breathe. It's estimated that around 48 million tons (48,000 kt) of lost fishing gear is generated each year, not including those that were abandoned or discarded and these may linger in the oceans for a considerable time before breaking-up.</p>
</div>
</div>

</div>

</ui:define>

</ui:composition>